Something inferior
Qin Huang, you are just a dog next to you
What right do you have to scold me Ah Kun?
Stop it, for the sake of brothers
Big sister will be open to you
Haonan, shut the fuck up
I despise you the most in the whole Red Star
Obviously capable
Gotta be a dog to this woman
Ah Kun, you are going too far.
The eldest sister is in love with us
How can you say that about him?
Lin Lan, save Yaoyao
Do not come
But don't go and kill my daughter
Is that right?
Now that's a motherly attitude.
Hahahaha
Bastard let my daughter go
I'll be your hostage
You are Lin Lan's trash
Husband, what kind of sweet dreams do you stinky cripple have?
Now this little blind man is my talisman
You father and daughter
A cripple and a blind man
It's weird
Hahahaha
Miao Kun
I, Lin Lan, think you don't care about these times
Why did you ask my lord to betray me?
Who betrayed whom?
I, Aquila, fight for myself
Am I wrong?
I, Aqua, am never wrong.
Wrong is you, is that you?